ae
developed because it teaches afunila
creator of mega man soul sacrifice is a
Exclusive psp for ps vita that places
player in the role of an apprentice
wizard fighting against hordes of monsters
bizarre ways to save your own life
You start the story as a prisoner.
of a mighty magician named mages air and
in his cell finds a demon in shape
book called lyon that not only
conversation with you but also able to
to revive the various battles
magician while reading your pages I do
this journey through the villain's past
Can you develop your
magic skills to take a chance
to break free
each chapter of the book represents a
different mission and they are always
closed arenas where you
must battle against several monsters and
collect items
there are also several side quests but
they never run away from the same formula of
battles in arenas and therefore end up
making it a bit repetitive
but advancing through the missions you are
often rewarded with
confrontations against bosses who
require all your skills and
various different strategies for
be defeated
and it is by destroying your enemies that
one of the main mechanisms of the
game because you can choose between
save or sacrifice the souls of your
enemies by sacrificing them you can
earn permanent attack bonus for
your magic skills while saving
a monster can bring improvements to
your life bar
this is a very innovative system that
allows you to evolve your character from a
way different from the view in rpg
traditional and there is still
possibility for you to save the bosses
so that they return to the human form and
accompanies you on the journey helping
in battles
to invoke the great variety of
spells and weapons your hero
uses items that have a specific
number of uses and so it is necessary to
also explore the arenas to acquire
new skills
in addition there are the black rights but
incredibly powerful days but
charge a high price for your character
causing negative effects such as
reduction in defense by half to
recover from these effects
you must use the vita touch screen
to collect tears that fall from the lyon
however they are very rare causing
you have to use the black rights of
strategic ways
You can still fight
online with the help of three more friends
but only on specific missions
called avalon pecs
in these games the system of sacrifices
has gained a new function that makes it
more interesting since you can
save fallen allies or sacrifice
to release a powerful magic attack
soul sacrifice is a rpg that counts on
original ideas challenging bosses and
a combat system that will keep the
owners of a ps vita involved in their
battles and an advantage for
is that the game still counts on
Portuguese subtitles
sakr voice